over to number 4 he's going to have to
fight his way up to the field now as
they work in a turn three single-file at
a general for what Beckett agreed
look to the high side the ones see a
checkmark and he's got the line does he
have it up as they work at a turning
point sign by sign Capella's who are
lead line tech murky in the once they go
silver lamé at war gonna find the bomb
get out said the car he's gonna put a
second as they were comin x-ray a war
look like he had a one in your leader
but unfortunately found a bomb instead
and cookies there pull away
I gotta buy Center get a center that's
going to be coming
Michael Berrer the 22 see it's hidden
Rhenish nobody will disturb a Peyton
Williams as back under the part of the
they'll start to run down you're wasted
they were cute Voyager has we've got one
on his side but that's back on all four
tires the 170 versus the cost of your
Michael berry in a row oh so so Michael
berry getting so altitude in the 117
Department wants to Oklahoma bounces
back on all four tires what were in
turns one and two we'll see if he's able
to refire or if he's got to go on the
hook it looks like but Michael berry the
driver that is down into the infield
unfortunately his night is done that's
20 to see a Cole Campbell now rounds
that you're running orders hey what kind
of time before the green pine plays one
away
we're gonna hang the car right in the
middle of a race like that five
rechannel take down the inside line
unable to get it snug no so Kelly nap
he's still gonna run at third he'll go
to jail about what if you see my cypher
go poke Campbell Campbell get the passes
that worked in the hood story but he's
gonna take over third as they were
turn three and four to the twin flanks
two more times around Matt Ward now
although as he is right now Burpee again
he'll try to town for a sleep and he's
going to get the call right in the
middle right he's going to lose about
both politics know what the next raid
way in the turn swam for this time the
only play as hell what watch hum around
Goerke this time got a one right to the
middle racetrack more down to the bottom
knees
business time in The Times ran for the
final time the puddle chicken 20-minute
sauce
look you make that check Kirk you're
gonna pick up the lana Matt ward Cole
Campbell and Kelly Matthew gonna round
out your field but you're wandering
Letty's at gentlemen holding on to win
and a book in Oklahoma but on the ones
see shit turkey as em we'll do it for
racing action here tonight the first
evening of action 38 he races earning
their books tomorrow would suck at 12
hours of race and make sure you get here
at 9:00 a.m. that's what the building is
open